and so hello to you all with you
dismount
and today I will show the most interesting
mod by the way this is my first video so
don't forget about the likes
ever the cartoon lion king and so
here it is this mod adds a bunch of things from
queens and will not even show them not
would like to show mobs that
are added to this game
it's jelly
by the way, I recently just learned to rock
fashion tried so ok go on face
so go ahead just imagine
as far as the author is butyl with these animals
water back to know when on them
push the button above they say something
cool about traffic
these are the main characters of the cartoon
can not bydet usually animals can such
here and then he is on I only this
we flower bed better friend Timon look
they by the way here give very nice
sounds are our character jacket nyashka
okay go
the next animal and so
go ahead
find he makes sounds like a dog in her
just a hair texture the top of love is
we certainly do not remember we see it
so good i certainly didn't know
where you click on the right
cool by the way day added new
It's a little stupid but we press the crust
that's how i look it practically i am so
I look like some dude one resemblance
yes and so let's see here
added a new armor here a whole bunch
added the same thing she new ore
added this don't like well okay
you will understand myself, I showed
By the way animals are added here very much
a lot of food
swami was desmond until the channel is signed i
first time taking pictures
can't imagine how I wash everything
bye Bye